---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "criblio_certificates Data Source - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificates DataSource
---

# criblio_certificates (Data Source)

Certificates DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "criblio_certificates" "my_certificates" {
  group_id = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The consumer group to which this instance belongs. Defaults to 'default'.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ca` (String) Certificate Authority (CA) certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by <code>-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----</code> and <code>-----END CERTIFICATE-----</code> delimiters.<br/><br/> If you need to provide a chain, concatenate multiple CA certificates in a single JSON string, each beginning and ending with its own delimiters.
- `ca_path` (String) Path to the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate file.
- `cert` (String) Certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by <code>-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----</code> and <code>-----END CERTIFICATE-----</code> delimiters.<br/><br/> If you need to provide a chain, concatenate multiple certificates in a single JSON string, each beginning and ending with its own delimiters.
- `cert_expiry_date` (String) Certificate expiration date and time as an ISO-8601 UTC string.
- `cert_path` (String) Path to the certificate file.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the certificate.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate.
- `passphrase` (String) If the private key is encrypted, the decryption passphrase.
- `passphrase_path` (String) Path to the passphrase file.
- `priv_key` (String) Private key for the certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by the appropriate delimiters for the key type, such as <code>-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----</code> and <code>-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----</code>.<br/><br/> Responses do not include the <code>privKey</code> value.
- `priv_key_path` (String) Path to the private key file.
