---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "criblio_notification_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  NotificationTargets DataSource
---

# criblio_notification_targets (Data Source)

NotificationTargets DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "criblio_notification_targets" "my_notificationtargets" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `pager_duty_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--pager_duty_target))
- `slack_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--slack_target))
- `smtp_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--smtp_target))
- `sns_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--sns_target))
- `webhook_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--webhook_target))

<a id="nestedatt--items--pager_duty_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.pager_duty_target`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String) Optional, default class value
- `component` (String) Optional, default component value
- `group` (String) Optional, default group value
- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `routing_key` (String) 32-character integration key for an integration on a service or global ruleset
- `severity` (String) Default value for message severity. Defaults to info. The __severity value, if set, will overwrite this.
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--slack_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.slack_target`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `type` (String)
- `url` (String) Slack's Incoming Webhook URL


<a id="nestedatt--items--smtp_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.smtp_target`

Read-Only:

- `encryption_option` (String) Encryption method for SMTP
- `from` (String) Email address to send from
- `host` (String) SMTP server hostname
- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `password` (String) SMTP authentication password
- `port` (Number) SMTP server port
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--smtp_target--tls))
- `type` (String)
- `username` (String) SMTP authentication username

<a id="nestedatt--items--smtp_target--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.smtp_target.tls`

Read-Only:

- `max_version` (String) Maximum TLS version to accept
- `min_version` (String) Minimum TLS version to accept
- `reject_unauthorized` (Boolean) Whether to reject unauthorized certificates



<a id="nestedatt--items--sns_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.sns_target`

Read-Only:

- `allowlist` (List of String) Wildcard list of allowed phone numbers. This is not enforced if the notification is sent to topic.
- `assume_role_arn` (String) ARN of the role to assume
- `assume_role_external_id` (String) External ID for role assumption
- `aws_api_key` (String) AWS access key
- `aws_authentication_method` (String) AWS authentication method
- `aws_secret_key` (String) AWS secret key
- `destination_type` (String) The type of destination to send notifications to
- `endpoint` (String) SNS endpoint URL
- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `message_group_id` (String) Message group ID for FIFO topics
- `phone_number` (String) The default phone number to send the notification to. This value can be overridden by the notification event __phoneNumber field.
- `region` (String) AWS region
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `topic_arn` (String) The default ARN of the SNS topic to send notifications to
- `topic_type` (String) Type of the topic selected in AWS SNS
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--webhook_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.webhook_target`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) Authentication method for the webhook
- `format` (String) Format of the webhook payload
- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `method` (String) HTTP method to use for the webhook
- `password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `token` (String) Authentication token
- `type` (String)
- `url` (String) URL to send the webhook to
- `username` (String) Basic authentication username
