---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "criblio_search_engine Data Source - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SearchEngine DataSource
---

# criblio_search_engine (Data Source)

SearchEngine DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "criblio_search_engine" "my_searchengine" {
  group_id = "default_search"
  id       = "local_ingest_primary"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Worker group ID.
- `id` (String) The <code>id</code> of the Local Search engine to get.

### Read-Only

- `active_workflow` (String) The provisioning workflow that is currently active for the lakehouse engine, if any.
- `datasets` (List of String) The <code>id</code> values for Datasets that are linked to the lakehouse engine.
- `deletion_started_at` (Integer) Timestamp (in Unix time) when deletion was initiated for the lakehouse engine (if applicable), in milliseconds.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the lakehouse engine.
- `effective_status` (String) Operational status of the lakehouse engine, accounting for both the engine and its underlying Worker Group.
- `engine_type` (String) Type of engine. For lakehouse engines, always <code>local</code>.
- `has_main` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, the lakehouse engine currently owns the main Dataset.
- `is_compute_deprovisioned` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, compute for the lakehouse engine has been deprovisioned after termination.
- `is_storage_deprovisioned` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, the storage backing the lakehouse engine has been deprovisioned and fully cleaned up after termination.
- `last_provisioned_ms` (Integer) Timestamp (in Unix time) when the lakehouse engine was last provisioned or updated, in milliseconds.
- `metrics_last_published_at` (Integer) Timestamp (in Unix time) when the lakehouse engine metrics were last published, in milliseconds.
- `status` (String)
- `tier_size` (String) Storage and compute [tier size](https://docs.cribl.io/search/engine-setup/#sizes-list) for the lakehouse engine. Configuring sizes <code>3xlarge</code>, <code>4xlarge</code>,<code>5xlarge</code>, and <code>6xlarge</code> requires the <code>cribl_operator</code> role.
