---
# generated by tools/codegen
page_title: "criblio_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificate Resource
---

# criblio_certificate (Resource)

Certificate Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "criblio_certificate" "my_certificate" {
  cert = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nMIIBxTCCAWugAwIBAgIUE...\n-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
  group_id = "default"
  id = "my-cert"
  priv_key = "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nMIIEvQIBADANBgkqhki...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tools/codegen -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cert` (String) Certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by <code>-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----</code> and <code>-----END CERTIFICATE-----</code> delimiters.<br/><br/> If you need to provide a chain, concatenate multiple certificates in a single JSON string, each beginning and ending with its own delimiters.
- `group_id` (String) Worker group ID.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate.
- `priv_key` (String, Sensitive) Private key for the certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by the appropriate delimiters for the key type, such as <code>-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----</code> and <code>-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----</code>.<br/><br/> Responses do not include the <code>privKey</code> value.

### Optional

- `ca` (String) Certificate Authority (CA) certificate in PEM format:<br/><br/> Base64-encoded data enclosed by <code>-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----</code> and <code>-----END CERTIFICATE-----</code> delimiters.<br/><br/> If you need to provide a chain, concatenate multiple CA certificates in a single JSON string, each beginning and ending with its own delimiters.
- `ca_path` (String) Path to the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate file.
- `cert_path` (String) Path to the certificate file.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the certificate.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) If the private key is encrypted, the decryption passphrase.
- `passphrase_path` (String) Path to the passphrase file.
- `priv_key_path` (String) Path to the private key file.

### Read-Only

- `cert_expiry_date` (String) Certificate expiration date and time as an ISO-8601 UTC string.
- `in_use` (List of String) List of configurations that reference this certificate.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = criblio_certificate.my_criblio_certificate
  id = jsonencode({
    group_id = "default"
    id       = "cert-001"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import criblio_certificate.my_criblio_certificate '{"group_id": "default", "id": "cert-001"}'
```
