---
# generated by tools/codegen
page_title: "criblio_event_breaker_ruleset Resource - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventBreakerRuleset Resource
---

# criblio_event_breaker_ruleset (Resource)

EventBreakerRuleset Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "criblio_event_breaker_ruleset" "my_event_breaker_ruleset" {
  description = "Event Breaker Ruleset for syslog messages"
  group_id = "default"
  id = "custom-syslog-breaker"
  lib = "custom"
  min_raw_length = 256
  rules = [
    {
      name = "syslog"
      condition = "true"
      type = "regex"
      timestamp_anchor_regex = "/^/"
      timestamp = {
        type = "auto"
        length = 150
      }
      timestamp_timezone = "UTC"
      max_event_bytes = 51200
      event_breaker_regex = "/^\\w{3}\\s+\\d+\\s+\\d+:\\d+:\\d+/m"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tools/codegen -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Worker group ID.
- `id` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `lib` (String)
- `min_raw_length` (Number) The  minimum number of characters in _raw to determine which rule to use
- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules that will be applied, in order, to the input data stream (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `condition` (String) JavaScript expression applied to the beginning of a file or object, to determine whether the rule applies to all contained events.
- `type` (String)
- `timestamp_anchor_regex` (String) The regex to match before attempting timestamp extraction. Use $ (end-of-string anchor) to prevent extraction.
- `timestamp` (Attributes) Auto, manual format (strptime), or current time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--timestamp))

Optional:

- `timestamp_timezone` (String) Timezone to assign to timestamps without timezone info
- `timestamp_earliest` (String) The earliest timestamp value allowed relative to now. Example: -42years. Parsed values prior to this date will be set to current time.
- `timestamp_latest` (String) The latest timestamp value allowed relative to now. Example: +42days. Parsed values after this date will be set to current time.
- `max_event_bytes` (Number) The maximum number of bytes in an event before it is flushed to the pipelines
- `fields` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs to be added to each event (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--fields))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this breaker rule (enabled by default)
- `parser_enabled` (Boolean)
- `should_use_data_raw` (Boolean) Enable to set an internal field on events indicating that the field in the data called _raw should be used. This can be useful for post processors that want to use that field for event._raw, instead of replacing it with the actual raw event.
- `__template_timestamp_timezone` (String) Binds 'timestampTimezone' to a variable for dynamic value resolution. Set to variable ID (pack-scoped) or 'cribl.'/'edge.' prefixed ID (group-scoped). Variable value overrides 'timestampTimezone' at runtime.
- `delimiter` (String)
- `delimiter_regex` (String)
- `escape_char` (String)
- `event_breaker_regex` (String)
- `fields_line_regex` (String)
- `header_line_regex` (String)
- `quote_char` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rules--timestamp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.timestamp`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `length` (Number)
- `format` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rules--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.fields`

Required:

- `value` (String) The JavaScript expression used to compute the field's value (can be constant)

Optional:

- `name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = criblio_event_breaker_ruleset.my_criblio_event_breaker_ruleset
  id = jsonencode({
    group_id = "Cribl"
    id       = "breaker-syslog"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import criblio_event_breaker_ruleset.my_criblio_event_breaker_ruleset '{"group_id": "Cribl", "id": "breaker-syslog"}'
```
