---
# generated by tools/codegen
page_title: "criblio_notification_target Resource - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  NotificationTarget Resource
---

# criblio_notification_target (Resource)

NotificationTarget Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "criblio_notification_target" "my_notificationtarget" {
  id = "nt-sns-prod"
  sns_target = {
    id                        = "nt-sns-prod"
    type                      = "sns"
    region                    = "us-east-1"
    destination_type          = "topic"
    topic_type                = "fifo"
    topic_arn                 = "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:example-topic.fifo"
    message_group_id          = "cribl-notifications"
    endpoint                  = "https://sns.us-east-1.amazonaws.com"
    assume_role_arn           = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/cribl-sns-notify"
    assume_role_external_id   = "cribl-example"
    aws_authentication_method = "auto"
    allowlist                 = []
    system_fields = [
      "cribl_host",
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tools/codegen -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of this notification target instance.

### Optional

- `type` (String) Notification target type, hoisted from the active target block.

### Optional

- `webhook_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook_target))
- `pager_duty_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pager_duty_target))
- `slack_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slack_target))
- `sns_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sns_target))
- `smtp_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--smtp_target))

<a id="nestedatt--webhook_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_target`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `type` (String)
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `url` (String) URL to send the webhook to
- `format` (String) Format of the webhook payload
- `method` (String) HTTP method to use for the webhook
- `auth_type` (String) Authentication method for the webhook
- `token` (String) Authentication token
- `username` (String) Basic authentication username
- `password` (String) Basic authentication password

<a id="nestedatt--pager_duty_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pager_duty_target`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `type` (String)
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `routing_key` (String) 32-character integration key for an integration on a service or global ruleset
- `group` (String) Optional, default group value
- `class` (String) Optional, default class value
- `component` (String) Optional, default component value
- `severity` (String) Default value for message severity. Defaults to info. The __severity value, if set, will overwrite this.

<a id="nestedatt--slack_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack_target`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `type` (String)
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `url` (String) Slack's Incoming Webhook URL

<a id="nestedatt--sns_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sns_target`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `type` (String)
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `aws_authentication_method` (String) AWS authentication method
- `assume_role_arn` (String) ARN of the role to assume
- `assume_role_external_id` (String) External ID for role assumption
- `aws_api_key` (String) AWS access key
- `aws_secret_key` (String) AWS secret key
- `region` (String) AWS region
- `endpoint` (String) SNS endpoint URL
- `allowlist` (List of String) Wildcard list of allowed phone numbers. This is not enforced if the notification is sent to topic.
- `destination_type` (String) The type of destination to send notifications to
- `phone_number` (String) The default phone number to send the notification to. This value can be overridden by the notification event __phoneNumber field.
- `topic_arn` (String) The default ARN of the SNS topic to send notifications to
- `topic_type` (String) Type of the topic selected in AWS SNS
- `message_group_id` (String) Message group ID for FIFO topics

<a id="nestedatt--smtp_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `smtp_target`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique ID for this notification target
- `type` (String)
- `system_fields` (List of String) Fields to automatically add to events, such as cribl_pipe. Supports wildcards.
- `host` (String) SMTP server hostname
- `port` (Integer) SMTP server port
- `from` (String) Email address to send from
- `username` (String) SMTP authentication username
- `password` (String) SMTP authentication password
- `encryption_option` (String) Encryption method for SMTP
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--smtp_target--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--smtp_target--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `smtp_target.tls`

Optional:

- `reject_unauthorized` (Boolean) Whether to reject unauthorized certificates
- `min_version` (String) Minimum TLS version to accept
- `max_version` (String) Maximum TLS version to accept

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = criblio_notification_target.my_criblio_notification_target
  id = "nt-sns-prod"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import criblio_notification_target.my_criblio_notification_target "nt-sns-prod"
```
