---
# generated by tools/codegen
page_title: "criblio_pack_routes Resource - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PackRoutes Resource
---

# criblio_pack_routes (Resource)

PackRoutes Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "criblio_pack_routes" "my_packroutes" {
  group_id = "default"
  pack     = criblio_pack.routes_pack.id
  routes = [
    {
      name     = "my_name"
      pipeline = "main"
    }
  ]
}

resource "criblio_pack" "routes_pack" {
  id           = "pack-with-routes"
  group_id     = "default"
  description  = "Pack from source"
  disabled     = true
  display_name = "Pack from source"
  source       = "file:/opt/cribl_data/failover/groups/default/default/HelloPacks"
  version      = "1.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tools/codegen -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String)
- `pack` (String)
- `routes` (Attributes List) Array of Route configurations that define how events are processed and routed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))

### Optional

- `comments` (Attributes List) Array of user-provided comments that describe or annotate Routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--comments))
- `groups` (Attributes Map) Information about the Route Groups that the Route is associated with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--comments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `comments`

Required:

- `comment` (String) Brief description of the Route.

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route Group that the Route is associated with.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the comment.
- `index` (Integer) Relative position of the comment among all comments for the Route.

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Route Group.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Brief description of the Route Group.

Read-Only:

- `index` (Integer) Relative position of the Route Group among all Route Groups. Routes are evaluated in ascending order according to the index value of their Route Group.

<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Route.
- `pipeline` (String) Pipeline that the Route sends matching events to.

Optional:

- `clones` (List of String) Array of clone configurations, each with a key-value pair to set or overwrite in cloned events. Original events continue to the next Route.
- `context` (String) Context for the Route: <code>group</code> (Worker Group or Edge Fleet) or <code>pack</code>.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the Route.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, disable the Route. Otherwise, <code>false</code>.
- `enable_output_expression` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, use the <code>outputExpression</code> for dynamic Destination selection. Otherwise, <code>false</code>.
- `filter` (String) JavaScript expression to select events for routing.
- `final` (Boolean) If <code>true</code> the Route processes matched events and sends them to the specified Pipeline. Matched events do not continue to the next Route, but non-matched events do continue to the next Route. If <code>false</code>, the Route processes matched events and sends them to the specified Pipeline, and all events (matched and non-matched) continue to the next Route. Must be <code>false</code> to clone events.
- `group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route Group that the Route is associated with.
- `output` (String) Destination that the Route sends matching events to after the Pipeline processes the events.
- `output_expression` (String) JavaScript expression to evaluate for dynamic Destination selection. Evaluation occurs when the Route is constructed, not for each event.
- `target_context` (String) Target context for subsequent event processing after applying the Route: <code>group</code> (Worker Group or Edge Fleet) or <code>pack</code>.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = criblio_pack_routes.my_criblio_pack_routes
  id = jsonencode({
    group_id = "Cribl"
    pack     = "observability-pack"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import criblio_pack_routes.my_criblio_pack_routes '{"group_id": "Cribl", "pack": "observability-pack"}'
```
