---
# generated by tools/codegen
page_title: "criblio_routes Resource - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Routes Resource
---

# criblio_routes (Resource)

Routes Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "criblio_routes" "my_routes" {
  group_id = "default"
  id = "default"
  routes = [
    {
      description = "Route access logs to main Pipeline"
      filter = "source == \"access.log\""
      name = "my-route"
      pipeline = "main"
      final = true
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tools/codegen -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Worker group ID.
- `routes` (Attributes List) Array of Route configurations that define how events are processed and routed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))

### Optional

- `comments` (Attributes List) Array of user-provided comments that describe or annotate Routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--comments))
- `groups` (Attributes Map) Information about the Route Groups that the Route is associated with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Routing table. The supported value is <code>default</code>.

<a id="nestedatt--comments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `comments`

Required:

- `comment` (String) Brief description of the Route.

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route Group that the Route is associated with.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the comment.
- `index` (Integer) Relative position of the comment among all comments for the Route.

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Route Group.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Brief description of the Route Group.
- `index` (Integer) Relative position of the Route Group among all Route Groups. Routes are evaluated in ascending order according to the index value of their Route Group.

<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Route.
- `pipeline` (String) Pipeline that the Route sends matching events to.

Optional:

- `clones` (List of String) Array of clone configurations, each with a key-value pair to set or overwrite in cloned events. Original events continue to the next Route.
- `context` (String) Context for the Route: <code>group</code> (Worker Group or Edge Fleet) or <code>pack</code>.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the Route.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, disable the Route. Otherwise, <code>false</code>.
- `enable_output_expression` (Boolean) If <code>true</code>, use the <code>outputExpression</code> for dynamic Destination selection. Otherwise, <code>false</code>.
- `filter` (String) JavaScript expression to select events for routing.
- `group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route Group that the Route is associated with.
- `output` (String) Destination that the Route sends matching events to after the Pipeline processes the events.
- `output_expression` (String) JavaScript expression to evaluate for dynamic Destination selection. Evaluation occurs when the Route is constructed, not for each event.
- `target_context` (String) Target context for subsequent event processing after applying the Route: <code>group</code> (Worker Group or Edge Fleet) or <code>pack</code>.
- `final` (Boolean) If <code>true</code> (default), the Route processes matched events and sends them to the specified Pipeline. Matched events do not continue to the next Route, but non-matched events do continue to the next Route. If <code>false</code>, the Route processes matched events and sends them to the specified Pipeline, and all events (matched and non-matched) continue to the next Route. Must be <code>false</code> to clone events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Route. If omitted, the server generates a deterministic identifier.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = criblio_routes.my_criblio_routes
  id = "default"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import criblio_routes.my_criblio_routes "default"
```
